So I heard it wrong.
Mr. Lu
This is Lord Lan's brother Hai Ye's place
It's not wise to play tricks here
Of course, if Mr. Lu really has no money to hire
It's easy to do
You kneel down and learn a few barks for the big guys
I can buy the whole meal, how about it?
Well said
I said buddy
There is no shame in kneeling down and learning to bark
Come out and play poor
I can't afford a single, kneel down obediently and learn to bark
Learn to bark like a dog, don't you want to?
Wang Pengfei, you made it clear that you want to see Moments
Don't dream of money
It's what he said, it doesn't matter to me
If you throw dirty water on me again
Believe it or not, I will sue you for the magic stick
Mr. Lu has hard bones
help
And so forth.
Who says I can't afford the order?
waiter
buy order
Yuxuan, we can't buy this order.
Huang Pengfei wants to pit you tomorrow, not small money
Besides, Wang Shao just promised
As long as I buy the entire audience tonight
This is the order for the bar night show in the next month.
He packed it all
Come, Your Majesty
Let's buy you the order together.
The emperor is mighty
Lu Shao is mighty
Thank you, Your Majesty
Thank you Lu Shao
Sit quietly
Let me explain.
Although I pay for this order tonight
But it's this Miss Sun treating you!
How much is your password?
200,000 or so
1 million wait
Thank you, Miss Sun.
Ha ha.
Wang Shao, what do you mean?
Although this bar is Hai Ye's factory
But the real boss behind it is Lord Lan
If you go back
It is to step on Lord Lan's face
At that time, I am afraid that Master Hai will not be able to protect you